README.md, before:

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/IDinsight/aaq_admin_app/badge.svg?t=VLz2WX)](https://coveralls.io/github/IDinsight/aaq_admin_app)
![Unit Tests](https://github.com/IDinsight/aaq_admin_app/actions/workflows/unittest.yml/badge.svg)

# Ask A Question (AAQ) Admin App Template

This is the readme for the AAQ Template Admin App repository. To start development on a new AAQ solution, clone or fork this and follow the setup instructions below.

Ensure to pull in new features from this repository regularly.

## What is the Admin App?

This is a containerized flask app that provides the following functionality:

-   Demo AAQ service by sending test messages
-   Manage FAQs
-   Manage Urgency Detection rules
-   Test new FAQ tags
-   Test new Urgency Detection rules

You can view the app at {server address}:9903/ in your web browser.

This app calls endpoints in the [AAQ Core app](https://github.com/IDinsight/aaq_core_template) which needs to be running for the above functions to work.

## Setup

### Copy this code

Clone or fork this repository.

If you clone this, please setup a new repository for future commits and add this repository as another remote - called `template`. This will allow you to pull in new changes made to this template. Here are the instructions on how to do this:

1. Clone this repo

```
git clone git@github.com:IDinsight/aaq_admin_template.git <project_name>
```

2. Change remote name to `template`

```
git remote rename origin template
```

3. Create a [new repo](https://github.com/organizations/IDinsight/repositories/new) in Github
4. Add it as remote for local repo

```
git remote add origin git@github.com:IDinsight/<project_name>.git
```

### Configure project details

The `project_config.cfg` in the root directory should be updated with your project details.

### Initialise

#### `make setup-dev`

This command does the following:

1. Creates a `conda` virtual environment
2. Installs dependencies from `requirements.txt` and `requirements_dev.txt`
3. Installs pre-commit hooks
4. Creates secrets files in `./secrets/`

### Enter details in secrets file

You should edit each of the files in `./secrets` and set the correct parameters.

### Other tasks

1. Setup auto deployment on EC2 (using webhooks or other)
2. Enable UD by passing `enable_ud=True` to `creat_app` in `aaq_admin_template/admin_webapp/flask_app.py`
3. Update this file!

-   Remove irrelevant content (all the template text)

3. Setup other apps as necessary

## Running Project

To run this project:

1. Setup environment as determined above.
2. Set up secrets in the 3 files under `/secrets/`.
3. Run `make image` from the root folder.
4. Run the Docker container by calling `make container` from the root folder.

Commit message:

improved tests and minor upgrades (#4)
fixed coverage
added badges
renamed db_ui to faq_ui
fixed errors from HC deployment
fixed readme
marked ud tests to allow skipping
ud test in main marked
add instruction to turn off ud testing in readme if ud disabled
upgraded black version

README.md, after:

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/IDinsight/aaq_admin_app/badge.svg?t=VLz2WX)](https://coveralls.io/github/IDinsight/aaq_admin_app)
![Unit Tests](https://github.com/IDinsight/aaq_admin_app/actions/workflows/unittest.yml/badge.svg)

# Ask A Question (AAQ) Admin App Template

This is the readme for the AAQ Template Admin App repository. To start development on a new AAQ solution, clone or fork this and follow the setup instructions below.

Ensure to pull in new features from this repository regularly.

## What is the Admin App?

This is a containerized flask app that provides the following functionality:

-   Demo AAQ service by sending test messages
-   Manage FAQs
-   Manage Urgency Detection rules
-   Test new FAQ tags
-   Test new Urgency Detection rules

You can view the app at {server address}:9903/ in your web browser.

This app calls endpoints in the [AAQ Core app](https://github.com/IDinsight/aaq_core_template) which needs to be running for the above functions to work.

## Setup

### Copy this code

Clone or fork this repository.

If you clone this, please setup a new repository for future commits and add this repository as another remote - called `template`. This will allow you to pull in new changes made to this template. Here are the instructions on how to do this:

1. Clone this repo

```
git clone git@github.com:IDinsight/aaq_admin_template.git <project_name>
```

2. Change remote name to `template`

```
git remote rename origin template
```

3. Create a [new repo](https://github.com/organizations/IDinsight/repositories/new) in Github
4. Add it as remote for local repo

```
git remote add origin git@github.com:IDinsight/<project_name>.git
```
5. Set local to track that remote

```
git push -u origin main
```

### Configure project details

The `project_config.cfg` in the root directory should be updated with your project details.

### Initialise

#### `make setup-dev`

This command does the following:

1. Creates a `conda` virtual environment
2. Installs dependencies from `requirements.txt` and `requirements_dev.txt`
3. Installs pre-commit hooks
4. Creates secrets files in `./secrets/`

### Enter details in secrets file

You should edit each of the files in `./secrets` and set the correct parameters.

### Other tasks

1. Setup auto deployment on EC2 (using webhooks or other)
<<<<<<< HEAD
2. Enable UD by passing `enable_ud=True` to `creat_app` in `aaq_admin_template/admin_webapp/flask_app.py`
=======
2. Enable UD by passing `enable_ud=True` to `create_app` in `aaq_admin_template/admin_webapp/flask_app.py`. If you want to run pytests with UD disabled, make sure to pass `-m "not ud_test"` option to pytest to exclude UD tests.
>>>>>>> d923a90 (added healthcheck tests)
3. Update this file!

-   Remove irrelevant content (all the template text)

3. Setup other apps as necessary

## Running Project

To run this project:

1. Setup environment as determined above.
2. Set up secrets in the 3 files under `/secrets/`.
3. Run `make image` from the root folder.
4. Run the Docker container by calling `make container` from the root folder.
